Hey guys, welcome to the course.
All right, so we're going to start down the MVP journey,
and we're going to start with identifying the assumptions
that we're making about our problem-solution set.
Now, in case you didn't catch me before when I said this,
at this stage of the game you probably have
an idea of what you are trying to build. We covered that
in the other sections, so you probably have a decent
idea of what type of user or potential customer
you're targeting, and what is the new feature or the
new solution you're going to be proposing.
Now, every single time you come up with a new idea,
whether or not it's a new business idea, or a new feature
idea, you are taking on board enormous amount of assumptions.
Like almost anything in life, we think we know things, and that is built up of a lot of small things that we assume to be true.
You get into a car and you think that it's going to be able to start.
You're assuming that the engine is actually working.
You're assuming that it has gas in the tank, you're assuming
it's not cold enough outside that the spark
plugs things get stuck together and it can't start.
There's a lot of assumptions into that even basic idea.
And since all these assumptions have the possibility
of not being true, in that creating a problem for
us, we need to write out as many of our assumptions that we can.
All right, so when you start identifying the assumptions
that you are making, it's kind of an abstract
process. There's not generally a step by step process
you'll go through. Really you just need to sit down
and think hard about what goes into you thinking that
your users are going to like whatever you're going to build.
You need to recognize that almost every single time
you have one of these ideas, it's going to be based
off of some type of observation or some type of intuition. In either case, you just assume and take for granted many, many things.
Now, there are two different ways I like to try to get into kind of the mindset that will help me identify these tricky little things.
The first one is to try to think about the lean mantra,
which is that we're running this like a
science experiment. In any science experiment,
we're challenging ourselves with regards to what we know is true.
And so, what we need to do to be successful is to get in
kind of a lean zen mode and keep saying to ourselves
"We don't know anything."
Anything you think you know is an assumption.
So what do you think you already know before you've
even gotten out there and tried to build something?
Now, the second way, and I think this one is probably
more effective for most people, and I like to write
this one out is "In order for this problem-solution set
to be successful, the following must be true."
And then just try to fill in all of the factors you think
go into this potentially being successful.
Google Glass - what do you think has to be true
for that to have been successful?
Well, you probably have to assume that
people will wear a camera on their face.
What has to be true in order for Udemy to be successful?
It has to be true that people are going to
be comfortable paying money for online courses.
Whether or not we're at this stage in our development
that we trust online courses enough to pay money,
that's a legitimate question.
If you're having natural regrets about
buying this course, I don't blame you.
I do blame Cole. Now, in most cases, there are an enormous amount of assumptions that you could write out
for this. All we want to do is focus on the big ones, and I want to
give you some examples of common assumptions
that almost everybody makes,
and then hopefully this can be a template for you going forward, and it will help you find a whole batch of other assumptions.
Now, the first assumption that almost everyone
seems to make is "My user has X, Y, Z problem."
Remember, we had the problem-solution set.
You're probably trying to build something that targets
someone's problem, but how do you know if that
problem is real? How do you know if
the customer considers it a problem?
That is an assumption, and it's an assumption
in pretty much anything you ever build.
If you're building bluetooth headphones, you're assuming
that people really are fed up with cords.
If you're building the Snuggie, that big one piece wizard suit,
you're assuming that it is too inconvenient
to just put a blanket on you. Now, the number two most common assumption I see is "[...] matters to my customers."
Anytime you do a new feature, or a business idea, or product idea,
you are assuming it's going to be successful
because you're going to take some kind of angle with it and
that angle is something your customers care about.
If I'm building something that's specifically going to be
cheaper than the competition, I'm assuming
people care about it being cheaper. If I'm trying to
build something that is more convenient than the
competition, I'm assuming that convenience is a
big factor in what they care about with the service.
So don't assume what your customers care about,
but do write it out.
Number three is that "Users will pay
or sign up for this service or product."
Now, that's kind of an optional assumption. This is assuming you
have a product that charges or signs people up
in some way to eventually make money.
Eventually we all want to make money and all products
will eventually get to a point where it makes money,
so you either have to go one of those avenues,
charging or signing them up.
So that's always an assumption.
Maybe the problem is a big problem,
but do we know if it's a big enough problem for them to,
say, pay money for it, or give you their contact details?
If I'm the genius behind the Hot Pocket, I'm assuming
that people will enjoy a big bean burrito of lava
so much so that they would pay money for it.
And number four is that "There are no satisfactory substitutes."
A lot of times we just assume that our solution
is better than what's available,
but it's often the case that customers have already figured out a way to solve that problem and there's really no reason to switch.
I'll give you an example.
Let's say we are making an app that told me
what the temperature is right now.
Now, are there satisfactory substitutions for that?
Absolutely.
Not only could I go to weather.com or any of the other
hundred weather services, I could just look
out the window or just walk outside  - what a concept.
So keep that one in mind and try to test whether or not there are alternatives out there that are already meeting their needs.
All right guys, in the next section, we're going to talk
about risky assumptions, and then, after that, we'll
do some practice with this, so you guys can
see some real life examples. Alright, see you then.